Adds a simple pull request template (#598)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-operator: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Description

> Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed.
> Please also include relevant motivation and context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please include the following:
- a summary of the change
- which issue is fixed (if there is one)
- relevant motivation and context
```
